RISE with SAP helps clients modernize their ERP landscape and migrate it to the cloud. It combines outcome-driven services, cloud ERP on SAP S/4HANA® and other key platforms that can help transform the enterprise operating model. However, transitioning to a cloud ERP solution can be complex. 

To help accelerate client's move to cloud ERP, SAP® will offer RISE with SAP on IBM® Power® Virtual Server. The solution is planned to be available in second quarter of 2025. Power Virtual Server helps you seamlessly migrate to RISE with SAP by keeping your applications and databases on the same hardware architecture you currently use. This approach results in a faster and more seamless transition to RISE with SAP on a highly resilient and secured cloud platform.

Because multi-model, in-memory databases place high demands on underlying infrastructure, running SAP HANA on powerful, reliable servers is essential to achieving optimum performance. Created to support data-intensive workloads, IBM Power® provides an outstanding platform for SAP HANA, is certified by SAP, and offers key business advantages.

By running SAP HANA on IBM Power servers, enterprises can also significantly strengthen business continuity and protect against downtime. In its latest Server OS Reliability Report, Information Technology Intelligence Consulting (ITIC) discovered that 91 percent of all IBM Power servers they tested delivered 99.999 percent reliability<sup>3</sup>. And in its most recent Server OS Security Report, ITIC found that IBM Power customers reported an average downtime of less than 3.3 minutes over a 12-month period<sup>4</sup>.
